Please see answer bellow.
If you want we cant answer officialy or can protocoly our discussion after clarify all qustions.

Media TV measurement in Azerbaijan
Additional questions
16th February 2017
Following our first contact, here are few additional questions in preparation of our next
call. These questions aim at better knowing the context in which Netant wishes to
launch a TV audience system in Azerbaijan.
Market
1. Are there any business associations in Azerbaijan, such as union of broadcasters,
association of advertisers, association of media agencies / advertising agencies
etc.? - It is media chanel accossiation.
2. Who is the organization in charge of demographics statistics? Is it reliable?
---its is charged by Ministry of Statistics.
3. What is the frequency of update of those statistics? Of the population census?
----About 1 times in year
4. Is the television mainly viewed at home on TV sets? Or is there a consequent
viewing out of home and on other devices (smartphones, tablets, computer)?
----By home TV, but cable and internet TV popular too
5. Are there locally research companies? If yes, who are they? Would they be
potential partners for measuring the audience, or do you want to be the sole
local operator?
---- We plane to be local operator
6. What is the mobile phone penetration in Azerbaijan? What is the fixed phone
penetration in Azerbaijan?
----It is about 98-99%
7. What is the part of urban population vs rural one? And the definitions of
urban/rural?
---- About 60/40%
8. How many media agencies are there in Azerbaijan?
---- The Bigest Agancy 
WPP represen Mediaforce (Mindshare), BannerMedia(MediaCom), Adver(Mec)
Starcom represent Azerbaijan Media Exchange(Starcom), Publicis Hepta
Omm(Carat)
OMD Azerbaijan
Havas Media
MacCann Ericsson
and eny local agencis with no bigest part.
9. Is there only one advertising sales house for all public channels?
----Channels sell advertising by ourself. But cordinate prices with broad cast organisation.
10. What are the different platforms available for the public to receive television:
Analog, Digital Terrestrial, Satellite, Cable, etc.?
----Digital, Satelite, Cable, Internet TV(OTT type)
11. Would you have information about the size of the media market (in adv.
revenues + subscription revenues if any), especially TV market?


Measurement


1) Does a TV audience measurement system already exist (such as diary or face-to-face
measurement)? If yes, which company makes it? And what are the main characteristics 
of the service (size of panel/samples; frequency of observation: e.g. every day or 7 days
a month)
----only on organisation is AGB Nielsen represent 500 piople meters. And they renew statistics every week.
2) Are you interested in measuring only the “legal” Azerbaijani TV Channels, or the
other international (illegal?) channels?
----We have 15 legal chanels and interested measure them first, but we interested to now how much anothe rchanel have in broadcat
3) In your plan, do you imagine daily ratings, weekly, monthly? Different types of
ratings services for different type of clients?
---- We think is weekly renew is ok. But if we can renew dayly it is much be better.
Netant
1) Which institution is organizing the tender for a TV measurement?
----
2) Do you know if the government could be involved in the project, for example by
financing a part of the investment?
----We discus about it with goverment representive, and we thin it is possible
3) Do you have research expertise internally within Netant?
----We make spesial reaserch for our customers in Digital market.